new tutorial (#10)
simstack/Simstack-Documentation: docs/index.rst

        The **SimStack** workflow framework is based on a client-server concept connected via SSH command.

Unlocking the secrets of materials through computational simulations is an exciting journey that brings together 
the knowledge of physics, materials science, chemistry, mechanical engineering, mathematics, and computer science. 
While new simulation methods can be time-consuming and require a deep understanding of physical and chemical 
concepts, a few key parameters are often enough to transfer an established protocol from pre-existing code to a 
slightly different problem. However, this transferability is only sometimes considered during the development 
phase. But don't worry! The **SimStack** workflow framework is here to help, making simulation protocols more 
reusable, reproducible, flexible, and transferable. This new way dramatically reduces the time and effort required 
to set up a new or existing workflow and simplifies the complexity of high-performance computing resources, 
enabling you to quickly prototype complex multiscale workflows for materials design in your scientific 
simulation solutions. Welcome to the wonderful world of **SimStack**!

> We are excited to guide you through **SimStack**'s features in a selection of **WaNos** to build straightforward workflows 
> and showcase the concepts of reusability, reproducibility, transferability, and flexibility that underpin the workflow 
> philosophy by running our tutorials! Let's dive in!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By running our tutorials, we hope to guide you through the features of **SimStack** in a variety of **WaNos** to build simple workflows and demonstrate the concepts of reusability, reproducibility, transferability, and flexibility that underpin the workflow philosophy! Let's get started!
```
